= Branches
The trunk contains the primary sources, from which all recent benchmark data has
been reported:
https://smlnj-gforge.cs.uchicago.edu/svn/manticore/trunk

The whole-program flattening transformation, implemented against the AST IR, is
in the branch below. Though we attempted to keep it up to date with the trunk,
after the PPoPP paper that effort was ceased.
https://smlnj-gforge.cs.uchicago.edu/svn/manticore/branches/flattening-transformation

The project that replaces the frontend parser of Manticore with the one from
MLton is available in the branch below. This branch is somewhat out of date with
the trunk, but since most of the changes being made in the trunk are to portions
of the compiler apart from the frontend phases, they should be trivial to merge.
https://smlnj-gforge.cs.uchicago.edu/svn/manticore/branches/mlton-frontend2

It is not a branch, but the benchmarks are only linked into the branches and
actually live in a separate SVN repository, named below. This becomes an issue
at times because you need to remember to do a separate commit for changes that
span Manticore and benchmarks and you need to be careful not to break benchmarks
being used in another branch.
https://smlnj-gforge.cs.uchicago.edu/svn/manti-bench/benchmarks

= Known large issues
The frontend does not support signatures, functors, record types, and a slew of
corner cases in the language.

PVal and PTuples cannot be used together. The "fast clone" translation breaks
invariants relied on by the work-stealing scheduler with regards to the valid
intermediate states of the work queues.

Exception handling is not implemented.

The inatomic/from-atomic/to-atomic naming convention used in inline BOM is still
a bugfest and should really be replaced by a static annotation that is checked
by the compiler.

The basis library is a hodgepodge mess. The few structures that exist are
typically dramatically different from the SML basis library due to the subset of
the language implemented, which both makes existing code from another system
hard to reuse and sometimes the interface cannot even be written.

= Known smaller issues
The effect analysis defined in bom-opt/remove-atomics.sml should be changed from
being name-based to instead either have a trackable annotation or other better
marker for user-level code that uses mutable state. Additionally, while we
remove ATOMIC operations around PURE functions, we do not handle reducing them
in the case where the code between the parallel spawn and another lock is PURE.

We cannot handle allocations larger than a single heap page size (minus some
slop). These allocations result in an exception, which is tough to debug because
there is no exception handling.

The work-stealing scheduler cannot handle more than a stack of 32k tasks, and
crashes quietly when that is exceeded.

Memoization and mutable state exist only as hand-performed translations to call
basis library functions.

= Incomplete projects
The safe-for-space closure conversion was not completed. While its code may be
used for inspiration, we were not able to get a full write-up on its status
before the student graduated.

In CFG, we now have code that performs rudimentary loop identification and can
also generate a DOT file for visualization of basic blocks. Loop unrolling was
not implemented.

A branch was created for the BOM implementation of flattening, but it is still
in the design phase.
